For the first function intersection(foo,bar), I had some differences with the solution. While my function still works, there is one thing I did not account for. I did not account for if foo == bar. Next time I will pay more attention to the testing solutions to ensure I incorporate every case. I used an if statement to set the result to None while in the solution it set the solution to None originally and then changed it later. This is more beneficial as the computer does not have to run an if statement computation. The rest of the code, while in different formats seems about the same. In the solution, a while loop was used and an if statement was evaluated. I used a for loop and an if statement.

For the function is_alphabetical(string), we had the same general form of logic but a different way of getting to the solution. I started the function with an if statement that checked if there was a string and then did an else. In the solution, it started with an if statement if there was a string and else if there wasn't. In my solution, I used the ascii indices; I first found the index and then checked if it was in the range of upper or lower case. In the solution, the ascii index was not explicitly pulled but evaluated in the if statements. I got the correct results, but I can see how the solution's way would be more efficient.

For letters_only(string), I again started with checking if the string was empty while the solution started by checking if there was a string. I also pulled the ascii indices for this function as well while the solution did not explicitly. The solution is more efficient and written in fewer lines so I will focus on ways to cut down the lines I use in the future.

For generate_palindrome(string), I started with an if statement to check if the string was Null but I like the way the solution did this better. It set pali to None and then just used an if statement to do the computation for the function. We also used similar computation for the palindrome as my solution worked but the solution only needed three lines inside of the if statement while I used an if and else statement. I also sliced the strings in my solution while the solution just used the original word then added the word backwards. The solution was more efficient and I see how it is easier to compute.

Lastly, for is_palindrome(string), I used an if statement only to repeat that my result would be False, when instead I don't need to use an if statement. The solution did not use this if statement. In the computation, I went through by pulling the ascii indices when, in the solution, I could have just used the built in python function of upper(). The solution also did not pull the ascii indices during the if statements and instead kept track of the left and rightbound and made rb and lb strings of left and rightbound. Overall, my solutions were pretty good with a few small mistakes but mostly what I need to focus on is ways to optimize my code in shorter segments that evaluate to the same result.